And
And there will be no roll call
at
at this time. Or we can do a
And there will be no roll call
roll call. Okay, Mr.
at this time. Or we can do a
roll call. Okay, Mr. Clerk, why
don't we open up? Roll. Thank
you, Mr. C
roll call. Okay, Mr. Clerk, why
don't we open up? Roll. Thank
you, Mr. Chair. Council member.
Nazarian. Present. Council
member. Yaroslavsky is
currently
Nazarian. Present. Council
member. Yaroslavsky is
currently absent. Council
member Gerardo is currently
absent. Council member Raman is
currently absent and council
member Padilla present. Two
members and any item approved
right
member Padilla present. Two
members and any item approved
right now will be from a
communication from the chair
and member. Thank you very m
right now will be from a
communication from the chair
and member. Thank you very much.
So as such what I was we have
nine
and member. Thank you very much.
So as such what I was we have
nine items on today's agenda.
Two items, the
So as such what I was we have
nine items on today's agenda.
Two items, the first one and
second one were going to be
time sensitive items that
Two items, the first one and
second one were going to be
time sensitive items that I
wanted us to hear today. And
the seven remaining
time sensitive items that I
wanted us to hear today. And
the seven remaining items. I
was going to ask for a consent
vote. So
the seven remaining items. I
was going to ask for a consent
vote. So what we'll do is we
will start with
was going to ask for a consent
vote. So what we'll do is we
will start with items one and
two. One is an appointment
vote. So what we'll do is we
will start with items one and
two. One is an appointment, and
the second is a report that
we're going
two. One is an appointment, and
the second is a report that
we're going to listen to on the
current RBR, the city's RBR
program
we're going to listen to on the
current RBR, the city's RBR
program. But before going
further, give me a
current RBR, the city's RBR
program. But before going
further, give me a minute,
please. I
program. But before going
further, give me a minute,
please. I was recommended to
vote yes.
further, give me a minute,
please. I was recommended to
vote yes. To the
further, give me a minute,
please. I was recommended to
vote yes. To the okay, so what
we're going to do is hold items
one and
vote yes. To the okay, so what
we're going to do is hold items
one and two, items three, four,
five, six, seven, eight and
we're going to do is hold items
one and two, items three, four,
five, six, seven, eight and
nine. We are going to move
ba
five, six, seven, eight and
nine. We are going to move
based on the chair's
recommendation.
nine. We are going to move
based on the chair's
recommendation. We're not
nine. We are going to move
based on the chair's
recommendation. We're not
taking a vote. So is there
anything else more I need to
say about that? Yes, it would
be great if you could clarify
what the actions for each item
would be. Okay, happy to do so.
be great if you could clarify
what the actions for each item
would be. Okay, happy to do so.
Member of.
Member of. So the.
Member of. So the. Because it's
just the one conflict
just the one conflict. So okay.
Member of. So the. Because it's
Okay. Yes.
just the one conflict. So okay.
Okay. Yes. And then I say, all
right, I
just the one conflict. So okay.
Okay. Yes. And then I say, all
right, I stand corrected.
Actually we are going to vote.
So let me go throu
right, I stand corrected.
Actually we are going to vote.
So let me go through my notes
and clarify what actions we're
going to be taking
So let me go through my notes
and clarify what actions we're
going to be taking. We have
nine items, as I mentioned on
the agenda. And
going to be taking. We have
nine items, as I mentioned on
the agenda. And if there's no
objections, I'd like to move to
approve all except the items
the agenda. And if there's no
objections, I'd like to move to
approve all except the items.
Items one and two on consent or
objections, I'd like to move to
approve all except the items.
Items one and two on consent or
on the recommendation of the
chair. For item three, I
recommend
on the recommendation of the
chair. For item three, I
recommend concurring with the
Housing and Homelessness
Committee's actions to approve
the
Housing and Homelessness
Committee's actions to approve
the motion, as amended, for
item four.
Committee's actions to approve
the motion, as amended, for
item four. I recommend
concurring with the AD Hoc
Recovery Committee's previous
recommendation
concurring with the AD Hoc
Recovery Committee's previous
recommendation to note and file
the la San report for item
Recovery Committee's previous
recommendation to note and file
the la San report for item five.
I recommend approving Dwp's
request to execute this
agreement and adopting the
attached resolution for item
seven.
agreement and adopting the
attached resolution for item
seven. Recommend adopting the
motion and for items six, eigh
attached resolution for item
seven. Recommend adopting the
motion and for items six, eight,
and nine, I recommend approving
the recommendations in
motion and for items six, eight,
and nine, I recommend approving
the recommendations in the Cao
reports, so no objection. I
and nine, I recommend approving
the recommendations in the Cao
reports, so no objection. I
actually wanted to do one and
two for questions and three,
reports, so no objection. I
actually wanted to do one and
two for questions and three,
six and seven for special for
comments. I think we can do
two for questions and three,
six and seven for special for
comments. I think we can do
that. And it doesn't affect
outcomes per se. Let's yeah,
three, s
that. And it doesn't affect
outcomes per se. Let's yeah,
three, six and seven for
comments is fine and one and
two for questions. We're
defi
comments is fine and one and
two for questions. We're
definitely going to have
questions for one and two okay
okay good. So then shoul
definitely going to have
questions for one and two okay
okay good. So then should we
start with 7633.
questions for one and two okay
okay good. So then should we
start with 7633. Okay. So three.
You said three six and seven
correct okay.
start with 7633. Okay. So three.
You said three six and seven
correct okay. So why don't we
start with public comment. And
You said three six and seven
correct okay. So why don't we
start with public comment. And
is there a minute or two
minutes. We can do just a
start with public comment. And
is there a minute or two
minutes. We can do just a
minute for public comment okay.
Again don't forget public
minutes. We can do just a
minute for public comment okay.
Again don't forget public
comments could be made at a
future committee or a council
session as
comments could be made at a
future committee or a council
session as well on each of the
items we're hearing right now.
future committee or a council
session as well on each of the
items we're hearing right now.
Why don't we have the city
attorney go through the
instructions?
Why don't we have the city
attorney go through the
instructions? Thank you, Mr.
Chair. Members of the public
will have one minute for item
to speak. We will tell you when
your time is up. When
will have one minute for item
to speak. We will tell you when
your time is up. When speaking
on the agenda items, you must
be on topic. Our goal is to get
through as many speakers as
on the agenda items, you must
be on topic. Our goal is to get
through as many speakers as we
can. If you are not speaking on
topic, or if we cannot tell
whether you are speaking on a
can. If you are not speaking on
topic, or if we cannot tell
whether you are speaking on a
specific agenda item, you will
get one brief warning from me
or the chair. If you do not
immediately
get one brief warning from me
or the chair. If you do not
immediately get clearly on
topic or stray off topic, the
chair will cut off. Cut your
time off and you
topic or stray off topic, the
chair will cut off. Cut your
time off and you will forfeit
the rest of your time. Thank
you. Okay, and what I'd like is
anyone w
the rest of your time. Thank
you. Okay, and what I'd like is
anyone who has a comment to
make, please make a line behind
the podium and start
anyone who has a comment to
make, please make a line behind
the podium and start with your
comments. Please state your
name and the
the podium and start with your
comments. Please state your
name and the item you'd like to
discuss.
comments. Please state your
name and the item you'd like to
discuss. Controverts item six.
An
name and the item you'd like to
discuss. Controverts item six.
And just for clarification,
before the clock starts, two
things one.
And just for clarification,
before the clock starts, two
things one. There is no general
public comment at all. This is
a general public
things one. There is no general
public comment at all. This is
a general public comment time.
And also you have. Let me say
it this way
a general public comment time.
And also you have. Let me say
it this way. You have a minute
to use up the way you'd like.
Okay. Thank you, I appreciate
that.
to use up the way you'd like.
Okay. Thank you, I appreciate
that. And then the other thing
is, I was wondering, since I'm
going to have to come back, if
there's any accommodation for
handicapped parking. I parked
under the old LA mall
there's any accommodation for
handicapped parking. I parked
under the old LA mall in the
lift for handicap isn't working
and it's hard to get in and out.
I'm sorry
lift for handicap isn't working
and it's hard to get in and out.
I'm sorry to hear that. You
don't have to. If you don't
mind. If you don't mind
actually staying after
don't have to. If you don't
mind. If you don't mind
actually staying after your
comment and someone can address
your question
actually staying after your
comment and someone can address
your question from the clerk's
office or from the LA. Okay
with that. Conor
your question from the clerk's
office or from the LA. Okay
with that. Conor Everett's two
items. One I am in support of
office or from the LA. Okay
with that. Conor Everett's two
items. One I am in support of
item number six. I've been
working on the issue over 30
years, and I'm glad we're
moving forward
working on the issue over 30
years, and I'm glad we're
moving forward with both the
DWP and sanitation. And
secondly, I'm urging the
committee to add Scattergood
appeal
secondly, I'm urging the
committee to add Scattergood
appeal to the agenda to this
committee as soon as possible.
Th
appeal to the agenda to this
committee as soon as possible.
Thank you very much.
appeal to the agenda to this
committee as soon as possible.
Thank you very much. Give it
appeal to the agenda to this
committee as soon as possible.
Thank you very much. Give it a
minute so that your time can.
There you go. Pleas
Thank you very much. Give it a
minute so that your time can.
There you go. Please go ahead.
Good afternoon. My name is
Isabel Friedman. I'm an
environmental health advocate
for the Natural Resources
Defense Council, and I'm here
on behalf of NRDC in strong
support of the original motion
to establish a maximum indoor
temperature for rental housing
and an opposition of the
amendment
temperature for rental housing
and an opposition of the
amendment that would require a
comprehensive grid analysis.
Extreme heat is the deadliest
climate relate
comprehensive grid analysis.
Extreme heat is the deadliest
climate related disaster,
killing more Americans than all
other natural disasters
combined.
killing more Americans than all
other natural disasters
combined. In Los Angeles, an
average extreme heat day can
lead to upwards of 1500 excess
emerge
average extreme heat day can
lead to upwards of 1500 excess
emergency room visits related
to heat, mostly in low income
areas where residents are m
emergency room visits related
to heat, mostly in low income
areas where residents are more
likely to be renters. Numerous
analysis demonstrate the
greatest risk
likely to be renters. Numerous
analysis demonstrate the
greatest risk factor in heat
related fatalities is a lack of
access to air conditioning at
home. Cooling is a
related fatalities is a lack of
access to air conditioning at
home. Cooling is a necessary
part of a comprehensive extreme
heat strategy. It has been
shown that the increased
part of a comprehensive extreme
heat strategy. It has been
shown that the increased load
on the grid from air
conditioning units would be
minimal, and Ladwp has already
extensively
conditioning units would be
minimal, and Ladwp has already
extensively modeled the real
load growth scenarios. The
directive to conduct an
additional grid analysis could
unnecessarily
directive to conduct an
additional grid analysis could
unnecessarily delay the report
months or years, which would
put Angelenos at risk.
unnecessarily delay the report
months or years, which would
put Angelenos at risk. Thank
you. Thank you and thank you
for speaking into the
microphone. I didn't mention
this earlier,
for speaking into the
microphone. I didn't mention
this earlier, but please speak
uncomfortably close into the
microphone
this earlier, but please speak
uncomfortably close into the
microphone because between the
echo and it makes it very
difficult to hear
microphone because between the
echo and it makes it very
difficult to hear while we're
sitting here. Okay, I'll be
speaking on item number
difficult to hear while we're
sitting here. Okay, I'll be
speaking on item number three.
Okay. Good afternoon, Council
members. My name is Chris
Gonzalez, and I'm the director
of organ
members. My name is Chris
Gonzalez, and I'm the director
of organizing for Smart Local
Union number 105, representing
around 7000 sheet metal workers.
of organizing for Smart Local
Union number 105, representing
around 7000 sheet metal workers.
Our members are the ones who
installed and serviced the HVAC
system, HVAC systems that keep
Our members are the ones who
installed and serviced the HVAC
system, HVAC systems that keep
people safe indoors. Here's the
truth. With rebates and
incentives currently available,
people safe indoors. Here's the
truth. With rebates and
incentives currently available,
upgrading residential units to
a safe standard has become
affordable. Take North
Hollywood as an example. A
landlord or resident installing
a heat pump HVAC system in
Hollywood as an example. A
landlord or resident installing
a heat pump HVAC system in the
91601 ZIP code can access
anywhere
a heat pump HVAC system in the
91601 ZIP code can access
anywhere between 11,800 and
19,300 and incentives before
Ladwp additional per ton
anywhere between 11,800 and
19,300 and incentives before
Ladwp additional per ton rebate.
And on top of that, local 105
offers our ongoing housing
Ladwp additional per ton rebate.
And on top of that, local 105
offers our ongoing housing
rebate to help close the gap.
These projects are more
affordable than ever. This
policy just mirrors what the
county already passed and saves
lives. Seniors, children and
low income tenants
county already passed and saves
lives. Seniors, children and
low income tenants are dying in
their own homes during heat
waves. We cannot wait. And at
the same time, this
their own homes during heat
waves. We cannot wait. And at
the same time, this motion will
create high road jobs and HVAC
installation the exact kind of
work that keeps Angelenos
create high road jobs and HVAC
installation the exact kind of
work that keeps Angelenos
employed in our communities
resilient. Thank you very much.
Thank you.
employed in our communities
resilient. Thank you very much.
Thank you. Welcome. Hello. My
name is Alejandro Campillo. I'm
a tenant and long term res
Thank you. Welcome. Hello. My
name is Alejandro Campillo. I'm
a tenant and long term resident
from San Fernando Valley. So as
you both know, council members,
the San Fernando Valley is one
of
you both know, council members,
the San Fernando Valley is one
of the parts of Los Angeles
that has the most extreme heat.
And that is why we at sage are
of the parts of Los Angeles
that has the most extreme heat.
And that is why we at sage are
really strongly advocating for
us to continue pushing that
motion forward, because
ultimately tenants are dying,
tenants are ending up in
hospitals, and especially with
the ice rates, there has
tenants are ending up in
hospitals, and especially with
the ice rates, there has been a
lack of mobility for
undocumented individuals, which
puts them at a higher risk in
the summer
undocumented individuals, which
puts them at a higher risk in
the summer months. And so we
want to make sure that we're
thinking pragmatically about
how we're talking about the
grid
thinking pragmatically about
how we're talking about the
grid and the grid analysis. We
want to make sure that even
though we need to investigate
and understand all the
want to make sure that even
though we need to investigate
and understand all the risks,
that we also understand the
risks of not doing enough to
save and
that we also understand the
risks of not doing enough to
save and protect people's lives.
And that's why we want to make
sure that we acknowledge the
fact that our grid has become
And that's why we want to make
sure that we acknowledge the
fact that our grid has become
significantly more resilient.
In recent years. The state
hasn't issued a flex alert
since
In recent years. The state
hasn't issued a flex alert
since 2022, and now is the time
for us to invest in our
infrastructure. This ordinance
is pretty flex
for us to invest in our
infrastructure. This ordinance
is pretty flexible for both
tenants and landlords, and
therefore it will be a flexible
solution for climate change as
well. So thank you so much.
Thank you. Hello, I'm Chelsea
solution for climate change as
well. So thank you so much.
Thank you. Hello, I'm Chelsea
Kirk. I'm a policy director at
sage. I'm speaking in favor of
agenda item 1026 to establish
Kirk. I'm a policy director at
sage. I'm speaking in favor of
agenda item 1026 to establish
an indoor air temperature
threshold for rentals in LA,
and to oppose the
an indoor air temperature
threshold for rentals in LA,
and to oppose the amendment to
require grid analysis. But the
science has shown us is that
our summers are going to get
hotter
science has shown us is that
our summers are going to get
hotter and last longer. And the
only effective intervention to
protect people from the
numerous health risks posed by
extreme he
protect people from the
numerous health risks posed by
extreme heat is air
conditioning. Right now,
tenants have no reprieve from
the heat. Many of our members
have shared that not only can
they not afford upgrades to
their homes to make them more
resilient, but their la
they not afford upgrades to
their homes to make them more
resilient, but their landlords
prohibit them from installing
cooling mechanisms, citing
primarily esthetic concerns. I
am
cooling mechanisms, citing
primarily esthetic concerns. I
am urging you all to follow the
county's footsteps and support
this measure to ensure tenants
can live safely and with
dignity during the summer.
Ladwp has been preparing for
ye
dignity during the summer.
Ladwp has been preparing for
years for electricity demand
given our moves to decarbonize
beginning in 2019, when we
established an LA
given our moves to decarbonize
beginning in 2019, when we
established an LA Green New
Deal, the infrastructure is
there to support this
transition and a grid analysis
Deal, the infrastructure is
there to support this
transition and a grid analysis
is not necessary and would only
delay when there is no time to
waste.
is not necessary and would only
delay when there is no time to
waste. Considering how long
implementation for this measure
will take as soon as 2027.
Thank you so
implementation for this measure
will take as soon as 2027.
Thank you so much. Thank you.
Welcome. Hello. My name is
will take as soon as 2027.
Thank you so much. Thank you.
Welcome. Hello. My name is
Karen Romero Estrada. I'm the
energy associate with
physicians for Social
Responsibility Los Angeles. We
support the original motion for
maximum indoor temperature
threshold. Our goal
support the original motion for
maximum indoor temperature
threshold. Our goal is to make
LA healthier and more resilient.
So we must advocate
threshold. Our goal is to make
LA healthier and more resilient.
So we must advocate for
policies that promote whole
home habitability. Extreme heat
is a public
policies that promote whole
home habitability. Extreme heat
is a public health issue, and
with increasing climate change,
this means increased risk for
our health,
with increasing climate change,
this means increased risk for
our health, especially for
vulnerable groups like young
children, senior residents and
people with preexisting health
vulnerable groups like young
children, senior residents and
people with preexisting health
conditions. Moreover, just as
my colleagues have mentioned,
we oppose the amendment for
greate
my colleagues have mentioned,
we oppose the amendment for
greater analysis proposed in
the Housing and Homelessness
Committee. Ladwp has already
modeled and is preparing for
the Housing and Homelessness
Committee. Ladwp has already
modeled and is preparing for
increased demands on the
electrical grid in the coming
years. Their strategies are
reflected in Lad
electrical grid in the coming
years. Their strategies are
reflected in Ladwp Power
Strategic Long Term Resource
Plan and the LA 100
reflected in Ladwp Power
Strategic Long Term Resource
Plan and the LA 100 Equity
Strategy Study. Plus, the
original motion allows for
landlords to opt in for active
and pass
original motion allows for
landlords to opt in for active
and passive cooling strategies,
lessening the impacts on the
grid. We urge you to
and passive cooling strategies,
lessening the impacts on the
grid. We urge you to support
item number three as originally
drafted. Thank you, thank you.
Welcome. Hello. My name is
Angela Bay. I'm a homeowner in
Council District
Welcome. Hello. My name is
Angela Bay. I'm a homeowner in
Council District 14, and I'm
speaking as a representative of
Los Angeles Alliance for a New
Economy. I urge
speaking as a representative of
Los Angeles Alliance for a New
Economy. I urge you to support
the original maximum indoor
temperature ordinance. There's
no good argument against
the original maximum indoor
temperature ordinance. There's
no good argument against
protecting the lives of our
city's tenants from a climate
disaster that will only get
more and more deadly with
city's tenants from a climate
disaster that will only get
more and more deadly with every
passing year. In a housing
system where homes are treated
as commodities, and investment
ve
system where homes are treated
as commodities, and investment
vehicles that bring in more
passive income and profits for
individuals and corporations
vehicles that bring in more
passive income and profits for
individuals and corporations
every year, these landlords
absolutely have the ability and
resources to at least make
every year, these landlords
absolutely have the ability and
resources to at least make
their rental units habitable
for their tenants. Ladwp has
already done analyzes on the
grid, and the city can and
should follow their guidance to
encourage energy efficient
cooling
should follow their guidance to
encourage energy efficient
cooling solutions in homes
through incentive programs.
These technologies are most are
mo
through incentive programs.
These technologies are most are
more cost effective for tenants
and will reduce demand on our
grid and with successful union
partnerships like ones with
Smart Union, these
infrastructure upgrades not
only create
Smart Union, these
infrastructure upgrades not
only create public health and
climate benefits for the entire
city, but can create thousands
of well-paying jobs
climate benefits for the entire
city, but can create thousands
of well-paying jobs that boost
our economy. Thank you. Thank
you. Welcome.
of well-paying jobs that boost
our economy. Thank you. Thank
you. Welcome. Good afternoon.
My name is Sigfrido Menendez.
I'm from
you. Welcome. Good afternoon.
My name is Sigfrido Menendez.
I'm from la DWP, and I'm
representing Mr. Emil Abdul
Shaheed
I'm from la DWP, and I'm
representing Mr. Emil Abdul
Shaheed in regards to to the
number three and what
representing Mr. Emil Abdul
Shaheed in regards to to the
number three and what he
instructed me to to bring
tonight was just to make sure
number three and what he
instructed me to to bring
tonight was just to make sure
that before we approve anything
about a continuous load to
tonight was just to make sure
that before we approve anything
about a continuous load to
maintain the maximum
temperature that we that you
allow
maintain the maximum
temperature that we that you
allow DWP at the technical, you
can afford us the chance to
investigate
allow DWP at the technical, you
can afford us the chance to
investigate what circuit is
going to be serving that
building before we can commit
to it. And that has to do.
There's a lot, a lot of load
being drawn right now with
to it. And that has to do.
There's a lot, a lot of load
being drawn right now with new
data centers. Coming up with AI
is is the right thing to do for
us
data centers. Coming up with AI
is is the right thing to do for
us. I appreciate your comments.
And from
is is the right thing to do for
us. I appreciate your comments.
And from what I recollect, I, I
believe
us. I appreciate your comments.
And from what I recollect, I, I
believe it was already part of
the, the, the motion
And from what I recollect, I, I
believe it was already part of
the, the, the motion that had
been referred to the committee.
So happy to discuss that later.
But thank you very
been referred to the committee.
So happy to discuss that later.
But thank you very much for
your comment. No problem. Thank
you. Okay.
But thank you very much for
your comment. No problem. Thank
you. Okay. Any other public
comments at this time? No. Then
your comment. No problem. Thank
you. Okay. Any other public
comments at this time? No. Then
we'll close the public comment.
And we have a couple
comments at this time? No. Then
we'll close the public comment.
And we have a couple of items
that are very time sensitive.
So I'd
And we have a couple of items
that are very time sensitive.
So I'd like to invite Benny
Tran, the mayor's appointee
that are very time sensitive.
So I'd like to invite Benny
Tran, the mayor's appointee to
the Board of Water and Power
Commission, for a brief
Tran, the mayor's appointee to
the Board of Water and Power
Commission, for a brief
presentation and introduction.
Welcome. Good afternoon,
Council members. My n
presentation and introduction.
Welcome. Good afternoon,
Council members. My name is
Benny Tran. As of yesterday,
March the 11th year of being an
Angeleno here in the city of
Los Angeles and proud to be
here. I'm a committed I am
comm
Los Angeles and proud to be
here. I'm a committed I am
committed as a public servant,
having served the Department of
Recreation and Parks for the
past two and a half years on
the commission, and I look
forward to doing so on the
department, on the board
the commission, and I look
forward to doing so on the
department, on the board for
the Department of Water. I want
to help ensure reliable,
affordable and sustainable
water and power
to help ensure reliable,
affordable and sustainable
water and power for all
Angelenos. I see this as a
chance to bring my previous
experience, including in the
Angelenos. I see this as a
chance to bring my previous
experience, including in the
private sector and previous
sustainability and climate
experience, from my days
private sector and previous
sustainability and climate
experience, from my days at the
Clinton Climate Initiative.
Also, to this role, I care
abou
Clinton Climate Initiative.
Also, to this role, I care
about equity and have
experience. I care about equity
and have experience
about equity and have
experience. I care about equity
and have experience working
with diverse community
stakeholders on how Prop O
profile projects in Los Angeles,
such as my time ov
stakeholders on how Prop O
profile projects in Los Angeles,
such as my time over ten over a
decade with the Los Angeles
Football Club and the building
of the BMO Stadium.
decade with the Los Angeles
Football Club and the building
of the BMO Stadium. And I'm
committed to helping transition
LA to clean energy and
resilient local water supplies
committed to helping transition
LA to clean energy and
resilient local water supplies
in a thoughtful and sequenced
way. I want to help leave Los
Angeles with infrastructure
th
way. I want to help leave Los
Angeles with infrastructure
that supports housing, jobs and
quality of life for the next
generation in this city
that supports housing, jobs and
quality of life for the next
generation in this city and all
the citizens of the city. Thank
you very much, and please, I'm
open for
the citizens of the city. Thank
you very much, and please, I'm
open for any questions you may
have. Thank you. Thank you for
being here. Thank you for your
brief presentation.
have. Thank you. Thank you for
being here. Thank you for your
brief presentation. I have a
brief couple of questions, but
I'll start with my colleague.
brief presentation. I have a
brief couple of questions, but
I'll start with my colleague.
If Mr. Miller wants to get into
some of her questions now. Hi.
Thank
If Mr. Miller wants to get into
some of her questions now. Hi.
Thank you so much for being
here. I did want to ask you a
few questions. I see that
Thank you so much for being
here. I did want to ask you a
few questions. I see that you
were on the Rec and Parks
Commission before. I wanted to
know
were on the Rec and Parks
Commission before. I wanted to
know, how do you see the
overlap? Do you see any overlap
with
know, how do you see the
overlap? Do you see any overlap
with what you learned being on
that commission as something
that can be
with what you learned being on
that commission as something
that can be brought over to
Department of Water and Power?
Does that be in terms of
experience or an actual
Department of Water and Power?
Does that be in terms of
experience or an actual overlap
between the two departments?
Tell me both. Okay. So the
overlap is that we did
between the two departments?
Tell me both. Okay. So the
overlap is that we did have
into the microphone, please.
Okay. They have there were a
couple of
into the microphone, please.
Okay. They have there were a
couple of instances where there
were properties that were owned
by DWP. That's managed by
Department
were properties that were owned
by DWP. That's managed by
Department of Parks, which you
know, time out. Can I please
ask everyone
Department of Parks, which you
know, time out. Can I please
ask everyone in the crowd to
tone it down? This is not the
best room for side
conversations. Sorry. It
tone it down? This is not the
best room for side
conversations. Sorry. It's just
part of the acoustics, so
please proceed. Okay. There
were those instances where
part of the acoustics, so
please proceed. Okay. There
were those instances where
there was land that belonged to
DWP, and there was an agreement
with parks to manage
there was land that belonged to
DWP, and there was an agreement
with parks to manage those as
parks, and I thought that was a
great partnership. That
with parks to manage those as
parks, and I thought that was a
great partnership. That was,
was, was maximizing the best
use of a piece of real estate
that belonged to the
was, was maximizing the best
use of a piece of real estate
that belonged to the city. And
also depending on the the
department, to maximize
that belonged to the city. And
also depending on the the
department, to maximize green
space for the citizens of LA.
So that's one instance in terms
of experience. I serve on the
space for the citizens of LA.
So that's one instance in terms
of experience. I serve on the
board for two and a half years,
hearing a lot about the the
needs and wants and also
requir
hearing a lot about the the
needs and wants and also
requirements for the citizens
of LA to address them and also
provide the best services that
we
of LA to address them and also
provide the best services that
we can. And in addition to that,
learning about the processes of
which is in
we can. And in addition to that,
learning about the processes of
which is in the city and how
the city does operate, and find
the best way to serve the
which is in the city and how
the city does operate, and find
the best way to serve the
public in such a system. Okay.
the city does operate, and find
the best way to serve the
public in such a system. Okay.
By any chance, while you were
there, was there any
opportunities wh
By any chance, while you were
there, was there any
opportunities where you kind of
observed maybe the need for the
two department
opportunities where you kind of
observed maybe the need for the
two departments to work more
together, more as a way to, for
example,
two departments to work more
together, more as a way to, for
example, utilize our parks for
better water
together, more as a way to, for
example, utilize our parks for
better water savings or water
reclamation projects, or
figuring out a way of how to
better water savings or water
reclamation projects, or
figuring out a way of how to
bring green technologies to
increase lighting so that we
can improve, you
bring green technologies to
increase lighting so that we
can improve, you know, Park
Utilizations just kind of want
to know how you can potentially
mesh the two together. I don't
recall any specific examples. I
know that it
mesh the two together. I don't
recall any specific examples. I
know that it was mainly for the
parcels of land that could be
managed by parks. I think there
were conversat
parcels of land that could be
managed by parks. I think there
were conversations about using
solar for one of some of the
remote stations. Sustainability
was one of the main topics, bu
solar for one of some of the
remote stations. Sustainability
was one of the main topics, but
I think they were overridden by
more important topics. And I
think that's a ver
I think they were overridden by
more important topics. And I
think that's a very good point.
That should be taken
consideration in terms of how
I'm not sure how DWP speaks
with the
consideration in terms of how
I'm not sure how DWP speaks
with the LA parks in terms of
these opportunities, but I do
know tha
with the LA parks in terms of
these opportunities, but I do
know that there were some
projects that crossed over in
terms of solar, but I think
they were very small
projects that crossed over in
terms of solar, but I think
they were very small projects.
There was even a recent project
terms of solar, but I think
they were very small projects.
There was even a recent project
that called for Wi-Fi. We don't
actually have WiFi for a lot of
parks. We don't have
that called for Wi-Fi. We don't
actually have WiFi for a lot of
parks. We don't have Wi-Fi for
the staff in those parks.
Nonetheless, for the public, I
think these are certain
opportunities that if yo
Nonetheless, for the public, I
think these are certain
opportunities that if you
utilize, say, solar power,
renewable energy, they could
actually solve the problem of
energy and also accessibility
que era, eh, le perteneca a la
ciudad para poder hacer el
mejor uso de del uso de
espacios verdes. Estamos
escuchando mucho
mejor uso de del uso de
espacios verdes. Estamos
escuchando mucho sobre los eh
pedidos y las necesidades de la
ciudad de Los
escuchando mucho sobre los eh
pedidos y las necesidades de la
ciudad de Los ngeles y para
poder proporcionarles el mejor
servicio posible. Tambin para
ciudad de Los ngeles y para
poder proporcionarles el mejor
servicio posible. Tambin para
aprender sobre los
procedimientos de la ciudad y
cmo
aprender sobre los
procedimientos de la ciudad y
cmo funciona y encuentra las
mejores mejores maneras para
apoyar a la comunidad y a los
cmo funciona y encuentra las
mejores mejores maneras para
apoyar a la comunidad y a los
intereses de la comunidad. Por
casualidad, cuando estuvo ah
apoyar a la comunidad y a los
intereses de la comunidad. Por
casualidad, cuando estuvo ah.
Oportunidad para.
intereses de la comunidad. Por
casualidad, cuando estuvo ah.
Oportunidad para. Observar e
identificar una necesidad para
casualidad, cuando estuvo ah.
Oportunidad para. Observar e
identificar una necesidad para
mejorarla. Esta colaboracin,
por ejemplo, para optimizar
nuestros parques para ahorros
del agua, mejor u
por ejemplo, para optimizar
nuestros parques para ahorros
del agua, mejor uso de agua, no
eh, Traer tecnologa
nuestros parques para ahorros
del agua, mejor uso de agua, no
eh, Traer tecnologa y energa
verde para optimizar estos
espacios de una
eh, Traer tecnologa y energa
verde para optimizar estos
espacios de una mejor manera.
Puede tal vez hablar sobre esto?
verde para optimizar estos
espacios de una mejor manera.
Puede tal vez hablar sobre esto?
No recuerdo ejemplos en
especfico, pero creo que s
Puede tal vez hablar sobre esto?
No recuerdo ejemplos en
especfico, pero creo que s
hubo conversaciones sobre
utilizar el poder solar y.
especfico, pero creo que s
hubo conversaciones sobre
utilizar el poder solar y. S
hubo otros discursos ms
importantes. Pero s creo que
es un muy buen punto. No s
como el
importantes. Pero s creo que
es un muy buen punto. No s
como el opina sobre el Recent
Parks, pero yo creo,
es un muy buen punto. No s
como el opina sobre el Recent
Parks, pero yo creo, yo s s
que hubo unos proyectos como el
como el opina sobre el Recent
Parks, pero yo creo, yo s s
que hubo unos proyectos como el
Poder Solar, que fueron
proyectos muy pequeos, pero
hubo
Poder Solar, que fueron
proyectos muy pequeos, pero
hubo uno muy reciente que que
hizo un pedido
proyectos muy pequeos, pero
hubo uno muy reciente que que
hizo un pedido para establecer
internet en en los parques.
Pero s
hizo un pedido para establecer
internet en en los parques.
Pero s creo que son
oportunidades que se puedan
identificar. Esto podra
Pero s creo que son
oportunidades que se puedan
identificar. Esto podra ayudar
con el problema de
accesibilidad y energa.
identificar. Esto podra ayudar
con el problema de
accesibilidad y energa.
Utilizar los par
Utilizar los parques como un
espacio para hacer ms, para
alcanz
Utilizar los parques como un
espacio para hacer ms, para
alcanzar las metas. Para hacer
ms
espacio para hacer ms, para
alcanzar las metas. Para hacer
ms para el agua. La pregunta
que quiero hacerle a todos es
que vienen a
ms para el agua. La pregunta
que quiero hacerle a todos es
que vienen a esta comisin.
Soportas a que use la
que quiero hacerle a todos es
que vienen a esta comisin.
Soportas a que use la agua
reciclada? En este momento
tengo que inv
Soportas a que use la agua
reciclada? En este momento
tengo que investigar ms en el
asunto. Pienso que es una de
reciclada? En este momento
tengo que investigar ms en el
asunto. Pienso que es una de
las proyectos que est en mi
tengo que investigar ms en el
asunto. Pienso que es una de
las proyectos que est en mi
atencin. Quiero tomar tiempo
asunto. Pienso que es una de
las proyectos que est en mi
atencin. Quiero tomar tiempo
para considerar el tema. Cules
son tus impresiones en cuanto a
lo que debe enfocarse en en 5 a
para considerar el tema. Cules
son tus impresiones en cuanto a
lo que debe enfocarse en en 5 a
10 aos? Otra vez solo pienso
lo que est ahorita en
lo que debe enfocarse en en 5 a
10 aos? Otra vez solo pienso
lo que est ahorita en pblico.
Hay una infraestructura
10 aos? Otra vez solo pienso
lo que est ahorita en pblico.
Hay una infraestructura, hay
dinero invertido.
lo que est ahorita en pblico.
Hay una infraestructura, hay
dinero invertido. Hay una
infraestructura que necesita
Hay una infraestructura, hay
dinero invertido. Hay una
infraestructura que necesita
renovarla. Entender
dinero invertido. Hay una
infraestructura que necesita
renovarla. Entender cmo
podemos financiar el proyecto,
cmo tenerlo a una
renovarla. Entender cmo
podemos financiar el proyecto,
cmo tenerlo a una estndar
mnima. Es algo en que voy a
investigar ms y que parece
cmo tenerlo a una estndar
mnima. Es algo en que voy a
investigar ms y que parece que
es una prioridad para el
departamento.
investigar ms y que parece que
es una prioridad para el
departamento. Okay, eso
investigar ms y que parece que
es una prioridad para el
departamento. Okay, eso est
bien para m. No ms preguntas.
Gracias. Gracias.
departamento. Okay, eso est
bien para m. No ms preguntas.
Gracias. Gracias. Te aprecio.
Gracias por
bien para m. No ms preguntas.
Gracias. Gracias. Te aprecio.
Gracias por querer venir a
servir. Mi
Gracias. Gracias. Te aprecio.
Gracias por querer venir a
servir. Mi preguntas.
Gracias. Gracias. Te aprecio.
Gracias por querer venir a
servir. Mi preguntas.
Gracias. Gracias. Te aprecio.
Gracias por querer venir a
servir. Mi preguntas. Estoy
bien. Curioso en saber.
Gracias por querer venir a
servir. Mi preguntas. Estoy
bien. Curioso en saber. Su
propia misin y su propio deseo
servir. Mi preguntas. Estoy
bien. Curioso en saber. Su
propia misin y su propio deseo
de ver ciertos resultados que
quieras
propia misin y su propio deseo
de ver ciertos resultados que
quieras servir en este comit.
Cules son algunos de tus
objetivos que t quieres
quieras servir en este comit.
Cules son algunos de tus
objetivos que t quieres
perseguir? Mi principal
Cules son algunos de tus
objetivos que t quieres
perseguir? Mi principal
objetivo es servir al pblico y
al Consejo.
perseguir? Mi principal
objetivo es servir al pblico y
al Consejo. Trabajar para los
intereses mejores.
objetivo es servir al pblico y
al Consejo. Trabajar para los
intereses mejores. Mi, mi Mi
objetivo principal fue a l
al Consejo. Trabajar para los
intereses mejores. Mi, mi Mi
objetivo principal fue a la
escuela para pliza pblica. Me
intereses mejores. Mi, mi Mi
objetivo principal fue a la
escuela para pliza pblica. Me
da la oportunidad de servir en
un impacto g
escuela para pliza pblica. Me
da la oportunidad de servir en
un impacto grande en en una
importante departamento.
da la oportunidad de servir en
un impacto grande en en una
importante departamento. Quiero
traer mi experiencia para
un impacto grande en en una
importante departamento. Quiero
traer mi experiencia para
ayudar. Departamento de Agua.
Gracias. Lo aprecio.
traer mi experiencia para
ayudar. Departamento de Agua.
Gracias. Lo aprecio. Espero
trabajar
ayudar. Departamento de Agua.
Gracias. Lo aprecio. Espero
trabajar contigo y aprecio tus
servicios.
Gracias. Lo aprecio. Espero
trabajar contigo y aprecio tus
servicios. No solo sirviendo a
la ciudad, pero al comit que
va a
servicios. No solo sirviendo a
la ciudad, pero al comit que
va a estar operando a
servicios. No solo sirviendo a
la ciudad, pero al comit que
va a estar operando a cambios
significantes en dos en
la ciudad, pero al comit que
va a estar operando a cambios
significantes en dos en el agua
y energa en el sistema de
entrega. Y como
significantes en dos en el agua
y energa en el sistema de
entrega. Y como vimos en los
anuncios de ayer, hay cosas que
van a
entrega. Y como vimos en los
anuncios de ayer, hay cosas que
van a pasar que. Que en
entrega. Y como vimos en los
anuncios de ayer, hay cosas que
van a pasar que. Que en este
punto. Hay muchas
anuncios de ayer, hay cosas que
van a pasar que. Que en este
punto. Hay muchas cosas
excitantes que van a pasar y
espero trabajar contig
punto. Hay muchas cosas
excitantes que van a pasar y
espero trabajar contigo en el
futuro. Mientras progresamos a
excitantes que van a pasar y
espero trabajar contigo en el
futuro. Mientras progresamos a
otros objetivos. Con eso dicho,
vamos a tomar
futuro. Mientras progresamos a
otros objetivos. Con eso dicho,
vamos a tomar un voto sobre
esto. Mister Kerr,
otros objetivos. Con eso dicho,
vamos a tomar un voto sobre
esto. Mister Kerr, por favor.
Si Lasky
vamos a tomar un voto sobre
esto. Mister Kerr, por favor.
Si Lasky Absentee Padilla.
vamos a tomar un voto sobre
esto. Mister Kerr, por favor.
Si Lasky Absentee Padilla. Esta
es una aprobacin de parte d
esto. Mister Kerr, por favor.
Si Lasky Absentee Padilla. Esta
es una aprobacin de parte del
Presidente y miembro de.
Tambin gustara tomar un voto
sobre los
Presidente y miembro de.
Tambin gustara tomar un voto
sobre los otros temas. El 258
Presidente y miembro de.
Tambin gustara tomar un voto
sobre los otros temas. El 258 y
nueve. No, no dos. Perdn.
Tambin gustara tomar un voto
sobre los otros temas. El 258 y
nueve. No, no dos. Perdn. 458
y nueve. S,
sobre los otros temas. El 258 y
nueve. No, no dos. Perdn. 458
y nueve. S, gracias. S.
sobre los otros temas. El 258 y
nueve. No, no dos. Perdn. 458
y nueve. S, gracias. S.
Cherkasky Padilla. S. Entonces
nueve. No, no dos. Perdn. 458
y nueve. S, gracias. S.
Cherkasky Padilla. S. Entonces
estos puntos tambin sern
aprobados de
Cherkasky Padilla. S. Entonces
estos puntos tambin sern
aprobados de telecomunicaciones
del presidente y miembro, como
usted mencion antes. Muchas
aprobados de telecomunicaciones
del presidente y miembro, como
usted mencion antes. Muchas
gracias. Entonces tenemos punto
uno, que es uno
usted mencion antes. Muchas
gracias. Entonces tenemos punto
uno, que es uno de los dos
puntos sensitivos.
gracias. Entonces tenemos punto
uno, que es uno de los dos
puntos sensitivos. Ok, Ok. Muy
bien, entonces
uno, que es uno de los dos
puntos sensitivos. Ok, Ok. Muy
bien, entonces vamos al punto
nmero tres. Seis
puntos sensitivos. Ok, Ok. Muy
bien, entonces vamos al punto
nmero tres. Seis y siete antes
de que empezamos en punto.
Nmero dos.
nmero tres. Seis y siete antes
de que empezamos en punto.
Nmero dos. Punto nmero tres.
nmero tres. Seis y siete antes
de que empezamos en punto.
Nmero dos. Punto nmero tres.
Es solo para comentarios. Solo
de que empezamos en punto.
Nmero dos. Punto nmero tres.
Es solo para comentarios. Solo
tenemos comentarios. Mi
impresin, Presidente,
Es solo para comentarios. Solo
tenemos comentarios. Mi
impresin, Presidente, es que
hay. Mi
tenemos comentarios. Mi
impresin, Presidente, es que
hay. Mi nico comentario es que
cuando regrese, por favor que
lo regresemos
hay. Mi nico comentario es que
cuando regrese, por favor que
lo regresemos ah en y. De
acuerdo.
cuando regrese, por favor que
lo regresemos ah en y. De
acuerdo. Pero apoyo la mocin.
cuando regrese, por favor que
lo regresemos ah en y. De
acuerdo. Pero apoyo la mocin.
Gracias. Entonces.
lo regresemos ah en y. De
acuerdo. Pero apoyo la mocin.
Gracias. Entonces. La ordenanza
regrese. Vamos a orlo otra vez
acuerdo. Pero apoyo la mocin.
Gracias. Entonces. La ordenanza
regrese. Vamos a orlo otra vez
antes de que sea aprobado.
Finalmente, con eso en mente,
es m
antes de que sea aprobado.
Finalmente, con eso en mente,
es mi nico comentario.
Entonces.
Finalmente, con eso en mente,
es mi nico comentario.
Entonces. Si.
Finalmente, con eso en mente,
es mi nico comentario.
Entonces. Si. Charlas que
errneamente. Pastillas? Si.
es mi nico comentario.
Entonces. Si. Charlas que
errneamente. Pastillas? Si.
Este punto tambin est
aprobado
errneamente. Pastillas? Si.
Este punto tambin est
aprobado. Gracias. Ahora, Punto
errneamente. Pastillas? Si.
Este punto tambin est
aprobado. Gracias. Ahora, Punto
nmero seis. Junta de
Comisionados de Agua y Energa.
Tienen comentarios. Si.
nmero seis. Junta de
Comisionados de Agua y Energa.
Tienen comentarios. Si. Tengo
tres preguntas. Si tienes
preguntas o qu, Pero no
ne
tres preguntas. Si tienes
preguntas o qu, Pero no
necesito una presentacin. Ok.
Muy bien. S. S. Tenemos a
alguien de Dwp responder
preguntas. Hola, Gusto en
Muy bien. S. S. Tenemos a
alguien de Dwp responder
preguntas. Hola, Gusto en verte.
Nada ms quiero saber si nos
puedes decir cuntos trabajos
locales van a ser creados
durante la construccin. Buena
pregunta.
locales van a ser creados
durante la construccin. Buena
pregunta. Jess. Garza. Perdn.
S, puedes. Puedes mencionar tu
durante la construccin. Buena
pregunta. Jess. Garza. Perdn.
S, puedes. Puedes mencionar tu
nombre y hablar directamente en
el micrfono para que te
podamos or c
nombre y hablar directamente en
el micrfono para que te
podamos or claramente. Jess
Gonzlez L a w P Buena pregunta.
Gracias por hacerme la pregunta
podamos or claramente. Jess
Gonzlez L a w P Buena pregunta.
Gracias por hacerme la pregunta.
El proyecto que se est
refiriendo es el
Gracias por hacerme la pregunta.
El proyecto que se est
refiriendo es el proyecto ms
grande de agua en el estado de
California. Desde hoy hay
refiriendo es el proyecto ms
grande de agua en el estado de
California. Desde hoy hay 300
activos empleados estarn en el
trabajo po
California. Desde hoy hay 300
activos empleados estarn en el
trabajo por los siguientes dos
aos. Me debes el proyecto se
termine. Esperamos docen
trabajo por los siguientes dos
aos. Me debes el proyecto se
termine. Esperamos docenas de
trabajos. Que sern
aos. Me debes el proyecto se
termine. Esperamos docenas de
trabajos. Que sern continuos.
No tienes un nmero ms
espe
trabajos. Que sern continuos.
No tienes un nmero ms
especfico? Es muy vago para m.
Cuando estemos en lnea. Bueno,
en el 20 28,
especfico? Es muy vago para m.
Cuando estemos en lnea. Bueno,
en el 20 28, antes de las
Olimpiadas, estarn 36 activos
empleados operando.
en el 20 28, antes de las
Olimpiadas, estarn 36 activos
empleados operando. Esa nueva
facilidad. Ok, entonces 300 en
sitio y
empleados operando. Esa nueva
facilidad. Ok, entonces 300 en
sitio y 36 activos. Correcto.
La razn
facilidad. Ok, entonces 300 en
sitio y 36 activos. Correcto.
La razn porque hay 300 que van
a trabajar en los siguientes
dos aos
La razn porque hay 300 que van
a trabajar en los siguientes
dos aos es 1 billn de dlares
proyecto de construccin para
terminarlo en dos aos
dos aos es 1 billn de dlares
proyecto de construccin para
terminarlo en dos aos y para
construirlo un.
proyecto de construccin para
terminarlo en dos aos y para
construirlo un. Requiere todo
ese capital para los siguientes
dos aos. Ok.
construirlo un. Requiere todo
ese capital para los siguientes
dos aos. Ok.
construirlo un. Requiere todo
ese capital para los siguientes
dos aos. Ok. Necesitamos labor
de unin.
ese capital para los siguientes
dos aos. Ok. Necesitamos labor
de unin. Buena pregunta. Ms
de la mi
dos aos. Ok. Necesitamos labor
de unin. Buena pregunta. Ms
de la mitad de 300 personas son
empleados
de unin. Buena pregunta. Ms
de la mitad de 300 personas son
empleados locales. Queremos
asegurarnos que el
de la mitad de 300 personas son
empleados locales. Queremos
asegurarnos que el contractor
retenga lo ms posible de
empleados locales. Queremos
asegurarnos que el contractor
retenga lo ms posible de
trabajadores locales. Ciudad
seis Todo el San Fernando. San
Fern
trabajadores locales. Ciudad
seis Todo el San Fernando. San
Fernando Valley se est
beneficiando del proyecto que
est ahorita en vigencia.
Fernando Valley se est
beneficiando del proyecto que
est ahorita en vigencia. Nos
puede decir porcentaje de
cuanto esto va a reducir
est ahorita en vigencia. Nos
puede decir porcentaje de
cuanto esto va a reducir
nuestra dependencia, nuestra
dependencia de importar agua,
el proyecto
nuestra dependencia, nuestra
dependencia de importar agua,
el proyecto especfico, el
proyecto ms grande de agua, va
a
el proyecto especfico, el
proyecto ms grande de agua, va
a producir 42.000. Es
suficiente agua para
proyecto ms grande de agua, va
a producir 42.000. Es
suficiente agua para ms de 1
milln de personas. Entonces
toda la rea de servicio de San
Fernando
milln de personas. Entonces
toda la rea de servicio de San
Fernando Valley se va a
beneficiar de este fuente de
agua
Fernando Valley se va a
beneficiar de este fuente de
agua para la ciudad ms potente
para trabajo. Sabe el
beneficiar de este fuente de
agua para la ciudad ms potente
para trabajo. Sabe el
porcentaje? Ahorita entiendo
que que recibimos 80%
para trabajo. Sabe el
porcentaje? Ahorita entiendo
que que recibimos 80% de agua
importada se va a reducir eso o
cules son los porcentajes?
Como
importada se va a reducir eso o
cules son los porcentajes?
Como 80% de agua es importada
por millones
cules son los porcentajes?
Como 80% de agua es importada
por millones de millas, pero
este proyecto nos va a permitir
producir
por millones de millas, pero
este proyecto nos va a permitir
producir 40 millones de acres
para 1 milln de personas para
este proyecto nos va a permitir
producir 40 millones de acres
para 1 milln de personas para
reducir nuestros. Impor
producir 40 millones de acres
para 1 milln de personas para
reducir nuestros. Importacin
de agua. Habr un 10%. Es
nuestro
reducir nuestros. Importacin
de agua. Habr un 10%. Es
nuestro primer paso en crear.
reducir nuestros. Importacin
de agua. Habr un 10%. Es
nuestro primer paso en crear.
Agua para poder traer.
de agua. Habr un 10%. Es
nuestro primer paso en crear.
Agua para poder traer. Queremos
reducir nuestros
nuestro primer paso en crear.
Agua para poder traer. Queremos
reducir nuestros traer agua por
afuera.
Agua para poder traer. Queremos
reducir nuestros traer agua por
afuera. Vamos a terminar el
proyecto en los
reducir nuestros traer agua por
afuera. Vamos a terminar el
proyecto en los dos siguientes
aos. Vamos a estar en lnea en
el 20 28.
proyecto en los dos siguientes
aos. Vamos a estar en lnea en
el 20 28. Nuestro objetivo es
que nuestro objetivo est en
lnea antes
el 20 28. Nuestro objetivo es
que nuestro objetivo est en
lnea antes de las Olimpiadas.
El contador est pidiendo que
todo el trabajo se termine en
todas las facilidades en lnea
El contador est pidiendo que
todo el trabajo se termine en
todas las facilidades en lnea
antes de las Olimpiadas. Muy
bien.
todas las facilidades en lnea
antes de las Olimpiadas. Muy
bien. Cualquier otra proyecto
mayor similar a este que va
antes de las Olimpiadas. Muy
bien. Cualquier otra proyecto
mayor similar a este que va a
venir. Buena pregunta. Vienen
dos. Hay dos que vienen a
mayor similar a este que va a
venir. Buena pregunta. Vienen
dos. Hay dos que vienen a mi
mente. El ms notable es agua.
Pura ley. Eso
dos. Hay dos que vienen a mi
mente. El ms notable es agua.
Pura ley. Eso va a transformar
completamente la ciudad. La. El
mente. El ms notable es agua.
Pura ley. Eso va a transformar
completamente la ciudad. La. El
agua tiene la potencial de
traer ms de la
completamente la ciudad. La. El
agua tiene la potencial de
traer ms de la mitad de agua
que se va a traer. Puede
agua tiene la potencial de
traer ms de la mitad de agua
que se va a traer. Puede costar
26 millones de dlares. Es
traer ms de la mitad de agua
que se va a traer. Puede costar
26 millones de dlares. Es un
una transformacin grande, ms
que se va a traer. Puede costar
26 millones de dlares. Es un
una transformacin grande, ms
sostenible. Es un proyecto que
va a tomar 25 aos para
implementar. Pero lo bueno es
que que el proyecto
va a tomar 25 aos para
implementar. Pero lo bueno es
que que el proyecto en el
Valley es similar a lo que
queremos hacer aqu en
que que el proyecto en el
Valley es similar a lo que
queremos hacer aqu en Los
ngeles. La misma regulacin,
tratamiento.
queremos hacer aqu en Los
ngeles. La misma regulacin,
tratamiento. De cmo usar agua,
agua para usarla
ngeles. La misma regulacin,
tratamiento. De cmo usar agua,
agua para usarla para agua para
tomar.
tratamiento. De cmo usar agua,
agua para usarla para agua para
tomar.
tratamiento. De cmo usar agua,
agua para usarla para agua para
tomar. Esto tambin est basado
en San F
agua para usarla para agua para
tomar. Esto tambin est basado
en San Fernando, en toda la
ciudad. La mgica de los dos
proyectos es
en San Fernando, en toda la
ciudad. La mgica de los dos
proyectos es que si es un
proyecto que producen una nueva.
ciudad. La mgica de los dos
proyectos es que si es un
proyecto que producen una nueva.
Todas las ciudades se
benefician con
proyecto que producen una nueva.
Todas las ciudades se
benefician con Hyperion, que
est localizado cerca de Santa
Mnica. Toda esa agua se va a
benefician con Hyperion, que
est localizado cerca de Santa
Mnica. Toda esa agua se va a
mandar a San Fernando Valley,
que va a permitir a que Ddavp
Mnica. Toda esa agua se va a
mandar a San Fernando Valley,
que va a permitir a que Ddavp
traiga el agua a todo el 4000
mandar a San Fernando Valley,
que va a permitir a que Ddavp
traiga el agua a todo el 4000
de personas. 4 millones de
que va a permitir a que Ddavp
traiga el agua a todo el 4000
de personas. 4 millones de
personas. Ese es un tem
traiga el agua a todo el 4000
de personas. 4 millones de
personas. Ese es un tema
importante que puede estar solo.
As es que aprecio sus
preguntas y las res
importante que puede estar solo.
As es que aprecio sus
preguntas y las respuestas.
Gracias y gracias por su buen
trabajo.
preguntas y las respuestas.
Gracias y gracias por su buen
trabajo. Ni s bien si quiero
las que estn abstente.
Gracias y gracias por su buen
trabajo. Ni s bien si quiero
las que estn abstente. Padilla
Si este tema ha sido aprobado,
trabajo. Ni s bien si quiero
las que estn abstente. Padilla
Si este tema ha sido aprobado,
es parte del presidente y
miembro. Gracias,
Si este tema ha sido aprobado,
es parte del presidente y
miembro. Gracias, Gracias. Por
abajo estamos en dos puntos. El
es parte del presidente y
miembro. Gracias, Gracias. Por
abajo estamos en dos puntos. El
siete es su mocin.
miembro. Gracias, Gracias. Por
abajo estamos en dos puntos. El
siete es su mocin. Respecto a
la dis
abajo estamos en dos puntos. El
siete es su mocin. Respecto a
la disponibilidad de la ciudad,
implementar la coleccin de
orgnicos. Estamos en siete o
la disponibilidad de la ciudad,
implementar la coleccin de
orgnicos. Estamos en siete o
en seis? Estamos en siete.
Necesitas que lo lea
orgnicos. Estamos en siete o
en seis? Estamos en siete.
Necesitas que lo lea? Que lea
la mocin, Tus comentarios.
en seis? Estamos en siete.
Necesitas que lo lea? Que lea
la mocin, Tus comentarios.
Creo que quieres hacer algunos
comentarios sobre ello. Creo.
Perdn, se
Creo que quieres hacer algunos
comentarios sobre ello. Creo.
Perdn, se est haciendo muy
rpido. Voy a empezar.
comentarios sobre ello. Creo.
Perdn, se est haciendo muy
rpido. Voy a empezar. Recicla
2.1.
Perdn, se est haciendo muy
rpido. Voy a empezar. Recicla
2.1. Debemos asegurarnos que la
infraestructura est
rpido. Voy a empezar. Recicla
2.1. Debemos asegurarnos que la
infraestructura est lista para
el movimiento.
2.1. Debemos asegurarnos que la
infraestructura est lista para
el movimiento. Chiquita Can
2.1. Debemos asegurarnos que la
infraestructura est lista para
el movimiento. Chiquita Can
seala como nuestro sistema
est mal. Si expandimos.
el movimiento. Chiquita Can
seala como nuestro sistema
est mal. Si expandimos. La los
coleccin de orgnicos,
seala como nuestro sistema
est mal. Si expandimos. La los
coleccin de orgnicos,
arriesgamos el vertedero ilegal.
Esta mocin simplemente pide a
coleccin de orgnicos,
arriesgamos el vertedero ilegal.
Esta mocin simplemente pide a
SAN. Queremos saber qu
facilidades van a usar
Esta mocin simplemente pide a
SAN. Queremos saber qu
facilidades van a usar, qu
capacidad y qu inversiones
todava se necesitan,
asegurando
capacidad y qu inversiones
todava se necesitan,
asegurando que este
alineamiento. Bsico o L2 no.
todava se necesitan,
asegurando que este
alineamiento. Bsico o L2 no.
Ok,
asegurando que este
alineamiento. Bsico o L2 no.
Ok, con eso. Gracias.
asegurando que este
alineamiento. Bsico o L2 no.
Ok, con eso. Gracias. Ni saban
si.
alineamiento. Bsico o L2 no.
Ok, con eso. Gracias. Ni saban
si. Violas que. En Romn estn
ausente. Padilla
Ok, con eso. Gracias. Ni saban
si. Violas que. En Romn estn
ausente. Padilla Si, esos son
dos, si. Entonces este punto
si. Violas que. En Romn estn
ausente. Padilla Si, esos son
dos, si. Entonces este punto
ser aprobado de parte del
comit del
dos, si. Entonces este punto
ser aprobado de parte del
comit del presidente y miembro.
Gracias. Con eso vamos
ser aprobado de parte del
comit del presidente y miembro.
Gracias. Con eso vamos a el
ltimo punto nmero
comit del presidente y miembro.
Gracias. Con eso vamos a el
ltimo punto nmero dos. Puede
usted
Gracias. Con eso vamos a el
ltimo punto nmero dos. Puede
usted leer la agenda, por favor?
Gracias. Con eso vamos a el
ltimo punto nmero dos. Puede
usted leer la agenda, por favor?
El oficial de la administracin
de la ciudad, el reporte
relacin
El oficial de la administracin
de la ciudad, el reporte
relacin Determinar los
barreras a reciclaje. El
programa
relacin Determinar los
barreras a reciclaje. El
programa componente al contrato
de transporte de franquicias de
recursos
programa componente al contrato
de transporte de franquicias de
recursos slidos. Gracias.
programa componente al contrato
de transporte de franquicias de
recursos slidos. Gracias. CEO
aqu por la presentacin. Puede
dar su nombre por favor
recursos slidos. Gracias. CEO
aqu por la presentacin. Puede
dar su nombre por favor? Me
puedo ir bien? S. Buenas
tardes
dar su nombre por favor? Me
puedo ir bien? S. Buenas
tardes, miembros. Mi nombre es
Jane. Su de la
puedo ir bien? S. Buenas
tardes, miembros. Mi nombre es
Jane. Su de la oficina de
administracin. Aqu hay un
C.E.O
Jane. Su de la oficina de
administracin. Aqu hay un
C.E.O. Reporte. Mencionando
detalladamente. Eliminar las
barreras al
C.E.O. Reporte. Mencionando
detalladamente. Eliminar las
barreras al reciclaje.
Incluyendo las circunstancias
detalladamente. Eliminar las
barreras al reciclaje.
Incluyendo las circunstancias
que nos llevaron a este acuerdo.
Los
Incluyendo las circunstancias
que nos llevaron a este acuerdo.
Los costos para la ciudad para
apoyar el programa y los costos.
que nos llevaron a este acuerdo.
Los costos para la ciudad para
apoyar el programa y los costos.
Si los programas son terminados
antes de
apoyar el programa y los costos.
Si los programas son terminados
antes de los contratos.
ltimamente. Tomar accin.
Determinar
antes de los contratos.
ltimamente. Tomar accin.
Determinar el RPR.
antes de los contratos.
ltimamente. Tomar accin.
Determinar el RPR. Lo
antes de los contratos.
ltimamente. Tomar accin.
Determinar el RPR. Lo que
quiero que consideren es que el
programa RBR cuesta
Determinar el RPR. Lo que
quiero que consideren es que el
programa RBR cuesta 100
millones de dlares en el
tiempo del program
programa RBR cuesta 100
millones de dlares en el
tiempo del programa. Cada mes.
Que el programa contine cuesta
millones de dlares en el
tiempo del programa. Cada mes.
Que el programa contine cuesta
2 millones de dlares.
tiempo del programa. Cada mes.
Que el programa contine cuesta
2 millones de dlares.
Subsidiar el programa. Aunque
los recomendaciones
2 millones de dlares.
Subsidiar el programa. Aunque
los recomendaciones sean
adoptadas 58 millones de
dlares. Esto ser
los recomendaciones sean
adoptadas 58 millones de
dlares. Esto ser por el ao
que viene. El programa solo
bene
dlares. Esto ser por el ao
que viene. El programa solo
beneficia a 30% de
dlares. Esto ser por el ao
que viene. El programa solo
beneficia a 30% de consumidores.
La ciudad es
que viene. El programa solo
beneficia a 30% de consumidores.
La ciudad es muy grande. La
inversin del progr
beneficia a 30% de consumidores.
La ciudad es muy grande. La
inversin del programa no es
suficiente para apoyar estos
programas, especialmen
inversin del programa no es
suficiente para apoyar estos
programas, especialmente para
un periodo de tiempo largo.
Adoptar
programas, especialmente para
un periodo de tiempo largo.
Adoptar las recomendaciones No
se espera impactar a los
un periodo de tiempo largo.
Adoptar las recomendaciones No
se espera impactar a los
consumidores.
Adoptar las recomendaciones No
se espera impactar a los
consumidores. Entonces qui
Adoptar las recomendaciones No
se espera impactar a los
consumidores. Entonces quiero
mencionar que terminamos este
reporte en coordinacin
consumidores. Entonces quiero
mencionar que terminamos este
reporte en coordinacin con el
Presidente analista.
mencionar que terminamos este
reporte en coordinacin con el
Presidente analista. Tambin.
mencionar que terminamos este
reporte en coordinacin con el
Presidente analista. Tambin.
El acuerdo va a requerir que la
ciudad
Presidente analista. Tambin.
El acuerdo va a requerir que la
ciudad tenga mnimo un ao
noticia.
El acuerdo va a requerir que la
ciudad tenga mnimo un ao
noticia. ltimamente. Esto solo
es relevante si el programa se
va a
noticia. ltimamente. Esto solo
es relevante si el programa se
va a terminar antes del
contrato actual, per
es relevante si el programa se
va a terminar antes del
contrato actual, pero en EN
para poder proteger a la ciudad.
va a terminar antes del
contrato actual, pero en EN
para poder proteger a la ciudad.
Si circunstancias
contrato actual, pero en EN
para poder proteger a la ciudad.
Si circunstancias extenuantes
ocurren, pedimos que la ciudad
reco que adopte
Si circunstancias extenuantes
ocurren, pedimos que la ciudad
reco que adopte las
recomendaciones del reporte.
ocurren, pedimos que la ciudad
reco que adopte las
recomendaciones del reporte. Y
que
reco que adopte las
recomendaciones del reporte. Y
que sigamos todos los remedios
de parte del Bur.
recomendaciones del reporte. Y
que sigamos todos los remedios
de parte del Bur. Estamos
disponibles para cualquier
pregunta
de parte del Bur. Estamos
disponibles para cualquier
pregunta que tenga. Muchas
gracias por la presentacin. Si
tenemos algunas pregunt
pregunta que tenga. Muchas
gracias por la presentacin. Si
tenemos algunas preguntas.
Seora Padilla, me gustara
empezar co
tenemos algunas preguntas.
Seora Padilla, me gustara
empezar con preguntas. Si yo
tengo algunas pero no quiero
Seora Padilla, me gustara
empezar con preguntas. Si yo
tengo algunas pero no quiero
duplicarlas porque no empiezas
t?
tengo algunas pero no quiero
duplicarlas porque no empiezas
t? Soy como que hay un riesgo
que es el programa RBR te
duplicarlas porque no empiezas
t? Soy como que hay un riesgo
que es el programa RBR termina
antes del contrato y el nuevo
contrato empieza.
que es el programa RBR termina
antes del contrato y el nuevo
contrato empieza. Vamos a
esperar costos que aumenten.
antes del contrato y el nuevo
contrato empieza. Vamos a
esperar costos que aumenten.
Para aumentar. Desechos
contrato empieza. Vamos a
esperar costos que aumenten.
Para aumentar. Desechos del
vertedero. Entendemos que la
ciudad est en una situacin
Para aumentar. Desechos del
vertedero. Entendemos que la
ciudad est en una situacin
difcil y que este programa ha
estado un poco costoso,
ciudad est en una situacin
difcil y que este programa ha
estado un poco costoso, as es
que no podemos poner esta carga.
As es que si
estado un poco costoso, as es
que no podemos poner esta carga.
As es que si puede clarificar
si este nuevo. Est
que no podemos poner esta carga.
As es que si puede clarificar
si este nuevo. Este programa
elimina.
As es que si puede clarificar
si este nuevo. Este programa
elimina.
As es que si puede clarificar
si este nuevo. Este programa
elimina. Buenas tardes.
As es que si puede clarificar
si este nuevo. Este programa
elimina. Buenas tardes.
Saneamiento. Para responder su
pregunta,
elimina. Buenas tardes.
Saneamiento. Para responder su
pregunta, Eh Elimina.
elimina. Buenas tardes.
Saneamiento. Para responder su
pregunta, Eh Elimina. Las
propuestas son
Saneamiento. Para responder su
pregunta, Eh Elimina. Las
propuestas son entregadas en la
otra semana.
pregunta, Eh Elimina. Las
propuestas son entregadas en la
otra semana.
pregunta, Eh Elimina. Las
propuestas son entregadas en la
otra semana. Todo acceso, todo
pregunta, Eh Elimina. Las
propuestas son entregadas en la
otra semana. Todo acceso, todo
distancia eliminado es posible
de tener u
otra semana. Todo acceso, todo
distancia eliminado es posible
de tener una un periodo de
transicin para
distancia eliminado es posible
de tener una un periodo de
transicin para evitar un costo
alto.
de tener una un periodo de
transicin para evitar un costo
alto. Si el programa es
eliminado. Si votamos.
transicin para evitar un costo
alto. Si el programa es
eliminado. Si votamos. Nuestra
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:249882000
Kind: captions
call me, you know, he need a
car wash. I wash, car wash and
then he pay me $10 per hour. I
say, thank you very much for
your service, officer Sabra. So
we are very thankful for our
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:250332000
Kind: captions
say, thank you very much for
your service, officer Sabra. So
we are very thankful for our
$10 per hour job, $5 per hour
job. Because compared to what I.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:250782000
Kind: captions
we are very thankful for our
$10 per hour job, $5 per hour
job. Because compared to what I.
What I worked in the communist
country, which is the only pay
me $2 per hour, I will say,
Thank God,
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:251232000
Kind: captions
country, which is the only pay
me $2 per hour, I will say,
Thank God, thank Jesus Christ,
thank America, thank every,
thank LAPD officer, thank our
council member, every
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:251682000
Kind: captions
thank America, thank every,
thank LAPD officer, thank our
council member, everybody.
Thank you. So we are very
thankful for our $5 per hour
job. Be
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:252132000
Kind: captions
Thank you. So we are very
thankful for our $5 per hour
job. Be thankful I'm not here
to complain. I'm not come here
to give you a mouthful. I'm
only here to
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:252582000
Kind: captions
to complain. I'm not come here
to give you a mouthful. I'm
only here to tell you. Thank
you. How how appreciate I am to
this great, amazing city. I'm
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:253032000
Kind: captions
only here to tell you. Thank
you. How how appreciate I am to
this great, amazing city. I'm
really thankful I'm not
homeless. I'm thankful for for
my $10 car wash job. And I'm
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:253482000
Kind: captions
really thankful I'm not
homeless. I'm thankful for for
my $10 car wash job. And I'm
going to continue to support
you. Council member I'm going
to continue to support everyone.
But I j
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:253932000
Kind: captions
you. Council member I'm going
to continue to support everyone.
But I just want to make sure
your woman call every single
name next time. Thank you.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:254382000
Kind: captions
But I just want to make sure
your woman call every single
name next time. Thank you. Okay.
Any other comments before we
move forward? Okay.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:254832000
Kind: captions
name next time. Thank you. Okay.
Any other comments before we
move forward? Okay. We'll close
the public comment at this time.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:255282000
Kind: captions
Any other comments before we
move forward? Okay. We'll close
the public comment at this time.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:255732000
Kind: captions
Any other comments before we
move forward? Okay. We'll close
the public comment at this time.
And how we proceed to
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:256182000
Kind: captions
move forward? Okay. We'll close
the public comment at this time.
And how we proceed to the I'm
sorry item two on consent
regarding excess
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:256632000
Kind: captions
And how we proceed to the I'm
sorry item two on consent
regarding excess housing bond
proceeds from the North
Hollywood project area. We're
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:257082000
Kind: captions
regarding excess housing bond
proceeds from the North
Hollywood project area. We're
going to take item three
regarding the Chinatown bid.
Item
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:257532000
Kind: captions
going to take item three
regarding the Chinatown bid.
Item five regarding.
Transparency laws
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:257982000
Kind: captions
regarding the Chinatown bid.
Item five regarding.
Transparency laws and item
eight. Regarding
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:258432000
Kind: captions
Item five regarding.
Transparency laws and item
eight. Regarding ghost kitchens.
Without objections, we will
hear those items. We'll take
those items on consent
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:258882000
Kind: captions
Without objections, we will
hear those items. We'll take
those items on consent. Mr.
Clerk. And just to clarify, for
item
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:259332000
Kind: captions
those items on consent. Mr.
Clerk. And just to clarify, for
item number three, we have two
reports. The committee will be
adopting
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:259782000
Kind: captions
item number three, we have two
reports. The committee will be
adopting the corrected report
dated 812 2025. Councilmember
rice.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:260232000
Kind: captions
adopting the corrected report
dated 812 2025. Councilmember
rice. Councilmember. Martinez.
Yes. Councilmember. Yes.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:260682000
Kind: captions
rice. Councilmember. Martinez.
Yes. Councilmember. Yes.
Councilmember. Nazarian.
Councilmember. Park. Yes. Five
eyes. These items are approved.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:261132000
Kind: captions
Councilmember. Park. Yes. Five
eyes. These items are approved.
Okay. We're going to take up
item six now so that Member
Nazarian can
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:261582000
Kind: captions
Okay. We're going to take up
item six now so that Member
Nazarian can attend his his
committee meeting. Let's take
item six and
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:262032000
Kind: captions
Nazarian can attend his his
committee meeting. Let's take
item six and I will let you
lead the comments on that item
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:262482000
Kind: captions
committee meeting. Let's take
item six and I will let you
lead the comments on that item
six.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:262932000
Kind: captions
item six and I will let you
lead the comments on that item
six. No, we're going to read
that he's got an amendment
motion
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:263382000
Kind: captions
six. No, we're going to read
that he's got an amendment
motion relative to exploring
opportunities to assist
vertical content creators by
establishing
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:263832000
Kind: captions
opportunities to assist
vertical content creators by
establishing a grant program
that provides upfront funding
to incentivize local production
and related
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:264282000
Kind: captions
that provides upfront funding
to incentivize local production
and related matters. Thank you,
Mr. Chair. I just have
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:264732000
Kind: captions
to incentivize local production
and related matters. Thank you,
Mr. Chair. I just have a
friendly amendment to make
which reads I
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:265182000
Kind: captions
Mr. Chair. I just have a
friendly amendment to make
which reads I further move to
direct the DD and LA to report
back on recommending a
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:265632000
Kind: captions
which reads I further move to
direct the DD and LA to report
back on recommending a feasible
production budget threshold to
impose employer
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:266082000
Kind: captions
back on recommending a feasible
production budget threshold to
impose employer sponsored
portable health care labor
standards that will not be
detrimental to the budget of
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:266532000
Kind: captions
portable health care labor
standards that will not be
detrimental to the budget of
the project. And we've also
been
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:266982000
Kind: captions
detrimental to the budget of
the project. And we've also
been circulated. If I can get a
second, I'll second it. Thank
you, thank
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:267432000
Kind: captions
been circulated. If I can get a
second, I'll second it. Thank
you, thank you. Okay. Any
comments on this amendment?
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:267882000
Kind: captions
second, I'll second it. Thank
you, thank you. Okay. Any
comments on this amendment?
Okay. Seeing none, let's call
the roll on the item.
Councilm
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:268332000
Kind: captions
Okay. Seeing none, let's call
the roll on the item.
Councilmember price I
Councilmember Martinez. Yes.
Councilmember. Yes.
Councilmember.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:268782000
Kind: captions
Councilmember Martinez. Yes.
Councilmember. Yes.
Councilmember. Hi.
Councilmember Park. Yes. Five
ayes. This item is approved, as
amended. Okay. Thank you.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:269232000
Kind: captions
ayes. This item is approved, as
amended. Okay. Thank you.
Members. Thank you. Let's move
on to item four.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:269682000
Kind: captions
amended. Okay. Thank you.
Members. Thank you. Let's move
on to item four. Chief
Legislative Analyst Report
relative to a
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:270132000
Kind: captions
on to item four. Chief
Legislative Analyst Report
relative to a proposed
framework for cashless retail
ban and related matters.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:270582000
Kind: captions
relative to a proposed
framework for cashless retail
ban and related matters. Okay,
floor is yours. Thank you sir.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:271032000
Kind: captions
framework for cashless retail
ban and related matters. Okay,
floor is yours. Thank you sir.
Hello, Council members, I'm
Alex Whitehead with the office
of the Chief Legislative
Analyst. My office released
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:271482000
Kind: captions
Alex Whitehead with the office
of the Chief Legislative
Analyst. My office released a
report summarizing cashless
retail prohibitions and best
practices in other
jurisdicti
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:271932000
Kind: captions
retail prohibitions and best
practices in other
jurisdictions, and identifying
policy recommendations for the
implementation of a similar
policy in Los Angeles. Our
offi
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:272382000
Kind: captions
implementation of a similar
policy in Los Angeles. Our
office's report provides an
analysis of enacted and
proposed legislation related to
cash
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:272832000
Kind: captions
analysis of enacted and
proposed legislation related to
cashless retail bans in other
jurisdictions. It also provides
a provides a framework for a
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:273282000
Kind: captions
jurisdictions. It also provides
a provides a framework for a
city ban on cashless retail
practices that considers
legislative requirements,
exceptions, and enforcement
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:273732000
Kind: captions
practices that considers
legislative requirements,
exceptions, and enforcement
measures. A cashless retail ban
would be designed to provide
all residents
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:274182000
Kind: captions
measures. A cashless retail ban
would be designed to provide
all residents with an equitable
marketplace, and a program
would represent a commitment by
the city to address consumer
affairs. However, the city
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:274632000
Kind: captions
would represent a commitment by
the city to address consumer
affairs. However, the city must
balance the needs of consumers
with those of the businesses
that will also be affected by
such a pol
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:275082000
Kind: captions
with those of the businesses
that will also be affected by
such a policy. For Hiring
requirements, a cashless retail
ban would place new
requ
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:275532000
Kind: captions
requirements, a cashless retail
ban would place new
requirements on businesses,
analyze legislation provided
three general requirement
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:275982000
Kind: captions
requirements on businesses,
analyze legislation provided
three general requirement types,
but the manner in which these
requirements are designed
varies between jurisdictions
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:276432000
Kind: captions
but the manner in which these
requirements are designed
varies between jurisdictions.
The basic requirement types are
the required acceptance of cash,
the prohibition of
di
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:276882000
Kind: captions
the required acceptance of cash,
the prohibition of
discrimination against cash
paying customers, and
prohibited prohibited posting
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:277332000
Kind: captions
discrimination against cash
paying customers, and
prohibited prohibited posting
of cashless signage. It's
recommended that the council
consider implementing all three
requirement
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:277782000
Kind: captions
recommended that the council
consider implementing all three
requirement options identified
for prohibited discrimination
against cash paying customers.
It is suggested
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:278232000
Kind: captions
for prohibited discrimination
against cash paying customers.
It is suggested that the
ordinance stipulate that it is
unlawful for vendors to charge
cash paying customers a higher
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:278682000
Kind: captions
ordinance stipulate that it is
unlawful for vendors to charge
cash paying customers a higher
price, but may charge a lower
price to such customers. A
survey
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:279132000
Kind: captions
price, but may charge a lower
price to such customers. A
survey of legislation found
that cashless retail bans
include exceptions intended
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:279582000
Kind: captions
survey of legislation found
that cashless retail bans
include exceptions intended to
provide for situations in which
cash payment is not feasible.
Our report recommends the
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:280032000
Kind: captions
provide for situations in which
cash payment is not feasible.
Our report recommends the
following list of exceptions
for inclusion in the city's
cashless retail ban, with
additional detail on each
ex
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:280482000
Kind: captions
cashless retail ban, with
additional detail on each
exception provided in the
report and available for
discussion upon request. These
exceptions are bill
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:280932000
Kind: captions
report and available for
discussion upon request. These
exceptions are bill
denominations over $50
transactions with a total
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:281382000
Kind: captions
exceptions are bill
denominations over $50
transactions with a total cost
of over $1,000. Telephone, mail,
or internet transactions,
security
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:281832000
Kind: captions
of over $1,000. Telephone, mail,
or internet transactions,
security deposits, transactions
at parking lots and parking
garages, sporting and
entertainment
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:282282000
Kind: captions
at parking lots and parking
garages, sporting and
entertainment venues.
Businesses operating from a
vehicle or mobile space. Cash
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:282732000
Kind: captions
entertainment venues.
Businesses operating from a
vehicle or mobile space. Cash
businesses that have a cash
conversion device on hand, and
temporary instances
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:283182000
Kind: captions
businesses that have a cash
conversion device on hand, and
temporary instances in which
the retailer is unable to
accept cash. It's
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:283632000
Kind: captions
temporary instances in which
the retailer is unable to
accept cash. It's recommended
that enforcement of any
proposed ban be handled through
penalties imposed by a
government department.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:284082000
Kind: captions
proposed ban be handled through
penalties imposed by a
government department.
Representatives from Shred have
indicated that enforcement of
such a program would fit within
the mission
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:284532000
Kind: captions
indicated that enforcement of
such a program would fit within
the mission and jurisdiction of
their department, and the
Commission on Civil Rights. The
department has an operation
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:284982000
Kind: captions
their department, and the
Commission on Civil Rights. The
department has an operation in
place for enforcement measures,
a team of inspectors, and a
history of enforcement.
Subsequent to the ena
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:285432000
Kind: captions
a team of inspectors, and a
history of enforcement.
Subsequent to the enactment of
the Civil and Human Rights
Ordinance in 2019. Therefore,
it's recommended that a
cashless
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:285882000
Kind: captions
Ordinance in 2019. Therefore,
it's recommended that a
cashless retail program,
cashless retail ban program be
assigned to the Commission and
on civil rights, and Shred
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:286332000
Kind: captions
cashless retail ban program be
assigned to the Commission and
on civil rights, and Shred
additionally serves as the city
department most directly
interfaced with th
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:286782000
Kind: captions
additionally serves as the city
department most directly
interfaced with the small
business community. And it's
therefore recommended that
enforcement of a cashless
retail ban be provided in
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:287232000
Kind: captions
therefore recommended that
enforcement of a cashless
retail ban be provided in
conjunction with Shred and
Economic and Workforce
Development Department. For
next s
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:287682000
Kind: captions
Economic and Workforce
Development Department. For
next steps. It's recommended
that the council adopt the
framework for cashless retail
ban as
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:288132000
Kind: captions
that the council adopt the
framework for cashless retail
ban as proposed, and instruct,
with the assistance of my
office and shred to seek
comment from the business
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:288582000
Kind: captions
office and shred to seek
comment from the business
community and other
stakeholders. Reporting back in
45 days in order to garner
feedback that may influence
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:289032000
Kind: captions
stakeholders. Reporting back in
45 days in order to garner
feedback that may influence
amendments to the proposal.
Additionally, it's recommended
that and shred in coordination
wi
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:289482000
Kind: captions
Additionally, it's recommended
that and shred in coordination
with the city attorney in my
office, be instructed to
develop an enforcement and fine
structure. Rep
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:289932000
Kind: captions
office, be instructed to
develop an enforcement and fine
structure. Reporting back in 45
days. After receiving feedback,
council will determine how to
move forward with a cashless
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:290382000
Kind: captions
council will determine how to
move forward with a cashless
retail ban program, and it's
recommended that if council
council implements such a law
that an educational camp
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:290832000
Kind: captions
recommended that if council
council implements such a law
that an educational campaign be
developed in order to inform
the public and small businesses
of the new legislative
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:291282000
Kind: captions
the public and small businesses
of the new legislative
requirements, I'm available for
any questions. Okay. Thank you.
You know
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:291732000
Kind: captions
requirements, I'm available for
any questions. Okay. Thank you.
You know, the this cashless
retail has been what sort of to
move and certainly has gotten a
lo
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:292182000
Kind: captions
retail has been what sort of to
move and certainly has gotten a
lot of interest in
jurisdictions around the
country. Talk a little bit
about th
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:292632000
Kind: captions
jurisdictions around the
country. Talk a little bit
about the review you performed
in terms of cashless
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:293082000
Kind: captions
about the review you performed
in terms of cashless
jurisdictions around the
country, and how those programs
have been rolling out. So
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:293532000
Kind: captions
jurisdictions around the
country, and how those programs
have been rolling out. So
Massachusetts was the first to
institute a retail ban all the
way back, cashless
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:293982000
Kind: captions
Massachusetts was the first to
institute a retail ban all the
way back, cashless retail ban,
all the way back in 1978. They
wanted to make sure that
anybody could use cash for
pu
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:294432000
Kind: captions
wanted to make sure that
anybody could use cash for
purchases, in that in the
subsequent 40 years, there was
no other action on
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:294882000
Kind: captions
purchases, in that in the
subsequent 40 years, there was
no other action on this until
2019. And in 2019 or since 2019,
eight
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:295332000
Kind: captions
no other action on this until
2019. And in 2019 or since 2019,
eight states actually now nine
states, as was just an update a
few days ago, and six cities
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:295782000
Kind: captions
eight states actually now nine
states, as was just an update a
few days ago, and six cities
have instituted their own
cashless bans, starting with
San Francisco just the other
day. Let
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:296232000
Kind: captions
cashless bans, starting with
San Francisco just the other
day. Let me find the
information here. On November
24th, the state of Ne
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:296682000
Kind: captions
day. Let me find the
information here. On November
24th, the state of New York
also approved a ban very
similar in terms of what's in
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:297132000
Kind: captions
24th, the state of New York
also approved a ban very
similar in terms of what's in
terms of requirements and
exceptions, except there are
exceptions include bills over
$20
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:297582000
Kind: captions
exceptions, except there are
exceptions include bills over
$20 and you can't charge a
higher price for cash
transactions. Penalty structure
is $1,000
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:298032000
Kind: captions
higher price for cash
transactions. Penalty structure
is $1,000 for the first
citation in 1500 for each
subsequent citation. So just to
say this has been there's been
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:298482000
Kind: captions
citation in 1500 for each
subsequent citation. So just to
say this has been there's been
a lot of rollout in the last
six years and is still
happening to this day. You
recommen
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:298932000
Kind: captions
six years and is still
happening to this day. You
recommend should be the agency
designated to kind of monitor
that, talk a little bit about
their experience, about why
they
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:299382000
Kind: captions
that, talk a little bit about
their experience, about why
they were recommended. So they
have enforcement experience in
this department. So
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:299832000
Kind: captions
they were recommended. So they
have enforcement experience in
this department. So we believe
that they would be able to best
serve the city without having
to
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:300282000
Kind: captions
that they would be able to best
serve the city without having
to set up any sort of previous,
any sort of additional program.
Okay. Any
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:300732000
Kind: captions
to set up any sort of previous,
any sort of additional program.
Okay. Any other questions,
Councilman? Thank you.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:301182000
Kind: captions
any sort of additional program.
Okay. Any other questions,
Councilman? Thank you. Yeah. I
just am curious. What do you
mean by I mean shred having
enforcement
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:301632000
Kind: captions
just am curious. What do you
mean by I mean shred having
enforcement so their
investigators could also do
expand their scope of work to
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:302082000
Kind: captions
investigators could also do
expand their scope of work to
include this or what? What
makes them poise. Like, what
are you talking ab
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:302532000
Kind: captions
include this or what? What
makes them poise. Like, what
are you talking about when you
say they have experience for it?
Well, shred does have a team of
inspectors
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:302982000
Kind: captions
say they have experience for it?
Well, shred does have a team of
inspectors and does take place
with enforcement measures. I
don't have the specifics on
that, so shred might need to
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:303432000
Kind: captions
with enforcement measures. I
don't have the specifics on
that, so shred might need to
comment if they are available,
but they they do provide
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:303882000
Kind: captions
that, so shred might need to
comment if they are available,
but they they do provide
enforcement for civil rights
issues. And they do have these
inspectors. So it seems li
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:304332000
Kind: captions
enforcement for civil rights
issues. And they do have these
inspectors. So it seems like it
would sort of fit within their
business mission, at least on
the consumer side
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:304782000
Kind: captions
would sort of fit within their
business mission, at least on
the consumer side of this. But
then you'd also being a part of
this on the small business side
to make sure that it's
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:305232000
Kind: captions
then you'd also being a part of
this on the small business side
to make sure that it's
coordinated in tandem. I just
don't I'm like trying
struggling to understand,
because to me this s
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:305682000
Kind: captions
don't I'm like trying
struggling to understand,
because to me this seems like
the real outcome is going to be
like
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:306132000
Kind: captions
because to me this seems like
the real outcome is going to be
like a fine and that's like
administrative, you know,
someone's going to make a claim,
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:306582000
Kind: captions
like a fine and that's like
administrative, you know,
someone's going to make a claim,
send a video saying, I didn't.
I tried to pay cash. This
business didn'
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:307032000
Kind: captions
send a video saying, I didn't.
I tried to pay cash. This
business didn't let me. And
then that's just going to be
that. And I don't know h
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:307482000
Kind: captions
business didn't let me. And
then that's just going to be
that. And I don't know how
comprehensive and technical in
terms of like civil
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:307932000
Kind: captions
that. And I don't know how
comprehensive and technical in
terms of like civil rights law.
We want to utilize our civil
rights department's big
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:308382000
Kind: captions
terms of like civil rights law.
We want to utilize our civil
rights department's big brains
for something that I think is
an easier
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:308832000
Kind: captions
rights department's big brains
for something that I think is
an easier analysis to say. They
didn't let me use cash. So I to
me, it doe
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:309282000
Kind: captions
an easier analysis to say. They
didn't let me use cash. So I to
me, it doesn't seem like a
prudent use of resources and
brainpower for something that
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:309732000
Kind: captions
me, it doesn't seem like a
prudent use of resources and
brainpower for something that
doesn't require that much
analysis. My second comment is
for being
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:310182000
Kind: captions
doesn't require that much
analysis. My second comment is
for being a department that
maybe manages small businesses,
but is to provide them with
support,
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:310632000
Kind: captions
maybe manages small businesses,
but is to provide them with
support, but not necessarily
reprimand them, which this
cashless ban would rep
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:311082000
Kind: captions
support, but not necessarily
reprimand them, which this
cashless ban would reprimand
them. And so trying to figure
out who could be the
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:311532000
Kind: captions
cashless ban would reprimand
them. And so trying to figure
out who could be the one that
actually enforces it, when it
seems to me it's m
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:311982000
Kind: captions
out who could be the one that
actually enforces it, when it
seems to me it's more of an
administrative task that will
be like a fine instead of
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:312432000
Kind: captions
seems to me it's more of an
administrative task that will
be like a fine instead of like
a true investigation. So that's
just where I'm coming from with
it. Because, you know,
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:312882000
Kind: captions
a true investigation. So that's
just where I'm coming from with
it. Because, you know, we have
sparse, we have not a lot of
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:313332000
Kind: captions
just where I'm coming from with
it. Because, you know, we have
sparse, we have not a lot of
resources, and we want to use
our talent to the things that
they're trained for. And if
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:313782000
Kind: captions
resources, and we want to use
our talent to the things that
they're trained for. And if
this is just a quick analysis
of you didn't pay for it in
cash and ADMINST
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:314232000
Kind: captions
this is just a quick analysis
of you didn't pay for it in
cash and ADMINSTRATIVE, is
there any other department
because it just feels like a
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:314682000
Kind: captions
there any other department
because it just feels like a
self-certification kind of
thing, like you just figure it
out that they didn't do that.
And if there's another
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:315132000
Kind: captions
out that they didn't do that.
And if there's another
department like Office of
Finance or even the city clerk
that could do this, because I
don't thi
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:315582000
Kind: captions
Finance or even the city clerk
that could do this, because I
don't think that investigation
requires a lot more
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:316032000
Kind: captions
that could do this, because I
don't think that investigation
requires a lot more in-depth
analysis as maybe like a
constitutional discrimination
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:316482000
Kind: captions
analysis as maybe like a
constitutional discrimination
claim would require. So do you
have anything to say about that
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:316932000
Kind: captions
constitutional discrimination
claim would require. So do you
have anything to say about that?
I'd ask John Wickham if you had
any suggestions on that.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:317382000
Kind: captions
have anything to say about that?
I'd ask John Wickham if you had
any suggestions on that.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:317832000
Kind: captions
have anything to say about that?
I'd ask John Wickham if you had
any suggestions on that. So we
could certainly talk to other
departments that might be
rele
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:318282000
Kind: captions
could certainly talk to other
departments that might be
relevant. It does seem that if
one of the components of.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:318732000
Kind: captions
departments that might be
relevant. It does seem that if
one of the components of. Yeah,
failure to comply with
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:319182000
Kind: captions
relevant. It does seem that if
one of the components of. Yeah,
failure to comply with this is,
is a discrimination component
to it, that's where the shred
connection
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:319632000
Kind: captions
is a discrimination component
to it, that's where the shred
connection does come into it,
because it is it does become a
civil rights component because
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:320082000
Kind: captions
because it is it does become a
civil rights component because
of the discrimination. But that
doesn't that go to the city
attorney? Well, that's the
thing is,
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:320532000
Kind: captions
doesn't that go to the city
attorney? Well, that's the
thing is, the shred does have
the inspection and evaluation
component within their program
al
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:320982000
Kind: captions
the inspection and evaluation
component within their program
already for that. And so that's
that's where we see that
connection. Are they not
preempte
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:321432000
Kind: captions
that's where we see that
connection. Are they not
preempted by the state. We
would have to look into that.
The recommendation here because
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:321882000
Kind: captions
would have to look into that.
The recommendation here because
I think it would the state
discrimination laws on public
accommodations, that would b
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:322332000
Kind: captions
I think it would the state
discrimination laws on public
accommodations, that would be
it. But also economic
discrimination is very, very
hard to prove anyways. And so
spending
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:322782000
Kind: captions
discrimination is very, very
hard to prove anyways. And so
spending a lot of attorney
billable hours from our city
resources to discover something
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:323232000
Kind: captions
spending a lot of attorney
billable hours from our city
resources to discover something
that's too ambiguous when we
could just say in a strict
liability standard of like
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:323682000
Kind: captions
that's too ambiguous when we
could just say in a strict
liability standard of like, we
either have evidence they
didn't accept cash or they
didn't. So I'm just won
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:324132000
Kind: captions
either have evidence they
didn't accept cash or they
didn't. So I'm just wondering,
well, so that's why our
instruction is for the for the
city attorney.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:324582000
Kind: captions
well, so that's why our
instruction is for the for the
city attorney. And, and shred
to look at how we would
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:325032000
Kind: captions
instruction is for the for the
city attorney. And, and shred
to look at how we would do the
enforcement component to this.
So we know that if you're going
to do this, you would
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:325482000
Kind: captions
enforcement component to this.
So we know that if you're going
to do this, you would want an
enforcement element to the
program. Somebody would need to
do the enforcement
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:325932000
Kind: captions
enforcement element to the
program. Somebody would need to
do the enforcement element.
There would need to be some
kind of a structure. And so I
think what you're you're
help
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:326382000
Kind: captions
kind of a structure. And so I
think what you're you're
helping us identify are ways
and questions and issues that
we can investigate in putting
that together to
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:326832000
Kind: captions
and questions and issues that
we can investigate in putting
that together to bring back to
you for consideration. Yeah, I
just think it should be
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:327282000
Kind: captions
that together to bring back to
you for consideration. Yeah, I
just think it should be way
simpler than probably what
maybe you're thinking about,
and it will rise to a
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:327732000
Kind: captions
simpler than probably what
maybe you're thinking about,
and it will rise to a certain
situation, but it's almost I
mean, that's just what I think
the anal
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:328182000
Kind: captions
situation, but it's almost I
mean, that's just what I think
the analysis should be like
simpler. Like you either did it
or you didn't. And the second
thing is bec
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:328632000
Kind: captions
simpler. Like you either did it
or you didn't. And the second
thing is because then it
becomes like, how much money
and staff time are we
allocating for something
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:329082000
Kind: captions
becomes like, how much money
and staff time are we
allocating for something that
doesn't happen a lot of the
time, and are we trying to
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:329532000
Kind: captions
allocating for something that
doesn't happen a lot of the
time, and are we trying to
recruit new expertise to this
very niche
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:329982000
Kind: captions
time, and are we trying to
recruit new expertise to this
very niche issue that's taking
away from our other goals that
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:330432000
Kind: captions
recruit new expertise to this
very niche issue that's taking
away from our other goals that
we're trying to do? So that's
just my comment on it, and I
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:330882000
Kind: captions
we're trying to do? So that's
just my comment on it, and I
hope that when you come back
with the proposed framework,
that you just keep the
simplicity in mind and find the
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:331332000
Kind: captions
with the proposed framework,
that you just keep the
simplicity in mind and find the
right department that can
administer it. That is also
cost efficient in terms
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:331782000
Kind: captions
right department that can
administer it. That is also
cost efficient in terms of like
money, but also like our time
and resources. Right? Just
because,
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:332232000
Kind: captions
money, but also like our time
and resources. Right? Just
because, you know, we want the
best person to do it, who will
spend the least amount of time
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:332682000
Kind: captions
best person to do it, who will
spend the least amount of time
but do the right thing and not,
I just fear I don't want our
civil rights attorney spin
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:333132000
Kind: captions
but do the right thing and not,
I just fear I don't want our
civil rights attorney spinning
our wheels on something that's
not going to result in anything
fruitful, you know?
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:333582000
Kind: captions
our wheels on something that's
not going to result in anything
fruitful, you know? Thank you
for some great comments and
some guidance
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:334032000
Kind: captions
fruitful, you know? Thank you
for some great comments and
some guidance to staff as they
move forward on this. Any other
comments? Thank you
Co
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:334482000
Kind: captions
move forward on this. Any other
comments? Thank you
Councilwoman. Floor is yours.
Thank you, Chairman Price.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:334932000
Kind: captions
comments? Thank you
Councilwoman. Floor is yours.
Thank you, Chairman Price.
Thank you all for the report
and for being here. A few
questions for you.
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:335382000
Kind: captions
Thank you all for the report
and for being here. A few
questions for you. So the
framework creates exemptions
for
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:335832000
Kind: captions
questions for you. So the
framework creates exemptions
for some businesses and not
others. So for example,
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:336282000
Kind: captions
framework creates exemptions
for some businesses and not
others. So for example,
sporting and entertainment
venues are exempted due to
crime
WEBVTT
X-TIMESTAMP-MAP=LOCAL:00:00.000,MPEGTS:336732000
Kind: captions
sporting and entertainment
venues are exempted due to
crime risk for food trucks and
street vendors. They're
exempted because they
alto. Si el programa es
eliminado. Si votamos. Nuestra
meta ahorita es tener nuevos